New attempt to address moderation/WG interactions (#126)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

## IETF Working Groups {#wg-mod}

Primary responsibility of moderation of working group participation
channels resides with working group management.  Working group
participants should first report problems to chairs, and absent a

> timely, satisfactory response, to the moderation team (tbd@ietf.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timely, satisfactory response, to the moderation team.
```
I don't think we want to hardcode an email address in the RFC.

> participants should first report problems to chairs, and absent a
> timely, satisfactory response, to the moderation team (tbd@ietf.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participants should report problems to both the chairs and
to the moderation team (tbd@ietf.org).
```
If issues are only reported to the chairs, how will the mod team learn about them and start the clock to determine if they need to nudge the chairs or act themselves?

Author: give me just a day or so.

Author: please review.

> In cases where working group management does not respond to
> complaints, the moderation team may act.  Their first action will be
> to attempt to contact the chairs.  They may act further if there is no
> timely response, informing both chairs and the responsible area
> director of any actions taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where working group management does appear to act on
complaints, the moderation team may act.  Their first action will be
to attempt to contact the chairs.  They may act further if there is no
timely response, informing both chairs and the responsible area
director of any actions taken.
```

Both working group management and moderators shall act in a manner
consistent with guidelines approved by the IESG.  In cases of

> disagreement over a moderation decision, the matter should be taken
> up with the responsible area director for resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disagreement between the chairs and moderation team
over a moderation decision, the matter should be taken up
with the responsible area director for resolution.
```

## IETF Working Groups {#wg-mod}

Primary responsibility of moderation of working group participation
channels resides with working group management.  Working group
participants should first report problems to chairs, and absent a
timely, satisfactory response, to the moderation team.

> In cases where working group management does appear to act on

Reviewer 2: Checking: should the be `does not appear`?

> In cases where working group management does appear to act on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where working group management does not appear to act on
```

Author: Tackled in my update.

complaints, the moderation team may act.  Their first action will be
to attempt to contact the chairs.  They may act further if there is no
timely response, informing both chairs and the responsible area
director of any actions taken.

> Both working group management and moderators shall act in a manner
> consistent with guidelines approved by the IESG.  In cases of

Reviewer: This first sentence should maybe go into an other section? It seems disconnected from the rest of the section.
```suggestion
In cases of
```

Author: I'd leave it be.  This is really focused on WGs.
